[SINGING VOICE] Aniplex.
[digital beeping]
[SUGUHA] Come on, Kazuto.
We're gonna be late.
[Kazuto] Okay, okay.
I'm coming.
[door opens and closes]
[footsteps walking away]
[distant cicadas chirping]
[birds chirping]
[LiSA's "Crossing Field"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
[groans]
♪♪ ♪♪
[grunting]
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
I'm leaving you behind, Sugu.
Okay, hold up a sec!
Jeez!
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
You finish your homework yet?
No, I haven't even started.
You better get on it.
Summer vacation'll be over
before you know it.
Oh, hey, Suguha.
Hey, Kirito.
Thanks again for coming.
I really appreciate
you guys doing this.
[Keiko] Oh, not even.
What are friends for?
I was surprised you called,
though.
I mean aren't you, like,
good at sports and stuff?
[groans]
With water sports,
I suck in both the real
and virtual worlds.
[all laughing]
Poor Kirito,
to have to go see the counselor
on a perfect swimming day.
Talk about unlucky.
[Kazuto] Yeah, tell me about it.
And after I studied my butt off
this whole first semester.
Too bad 'cause you're gonna
miss out on seeing us
in our swimsuits.
But even though you'll be
with that sexy counselor,
that doesn't mean you can leer
at her instead.
[Kazuto] Uh, it's not my fault
the counselor's hot.
Kirito.
No, I didn't mean it like that!
Um, anyway,
I'd better get going.
Sugu,
you're in good hands with them,
so listen to what they say
and do your best.
Okay.
The pool here might not be
as deep as the sea in Alfheim,
but it's a good place to start.
Just have fun and you'll
be swimming in no time.
[giggles]
[Asuna] Good luck up there,
Kirito!
Say hi to the sexy counselor!
[Kazuto groans]
[distant footsteps]
[Counselor] Yes?
It's Kazuto, ma'am.
[door closes]
[footsteps]
[gasps]
M‐‐Mister Kikuoka.
Hey there, Kirito.
Long time, no see.
[Kazuto] You're with
the virtual reality section,
so, I mean,
no offense,
but why are you here?
Simple.
I have a couple of things
I wanted to ask you in person
so I arranged
to set up this meeting.
[Kazuto] Then this has nothing
to do with my grades?
No, it doesn't.
Sorry about that,
but it was the only way
I'd be sure you'd show up.
I'll leave you two alone now.
If you need me,
I'll be right next door, okay?
[gasps]
[door opens]
[Seijiro] Might as well make
yourself comfortable.
Please, have a seat.
[Kazuto grunts]
I hope this won't take long.
I got plans later,
so the faster I get out of here,
the better.
Well, it won't take too long.
I'm trying to wrap up the SAO
and ALO incidents,
but there's a few things I need
to check,
so I figured the best way
to do that
was to have a sit‐down.
[Kazuto] I've been over it
a million times
with you guys already.
Can't you just check
the player action logs?
They pretty much spell
everything out.
Yeah, not quite.
All we can get from the logs
are who and where
on any given day.
As for what really happened
in there,
we still have no idea.
[Seijiro] We don't know
the overall picture yet.
4,000 people died in the game,
but for what?
If Akihiko Kayaba
was still alive,
I'd be wasting
his afternoon instead of yours.
It's important we find out
what Kayaba's motives
really were.
I want to know the reason why
he'd make a death game like SAO.
I think if I listen
to your story‐‐the whole thing‐‐
I might be able to get
the answers I need.
So you gonna help me out
or what?
And if I say no?
[chuckles]
[Seijiro] When all those
NerveGears were being rounded up
for disposal,
who let you keep one?
Oh, and who told you
what hospital Asuna was in?
[grunts]
And who's department's keeping
the survivors of SAO out
of the media spotlight?
Truth is,
we've done a lot for you.
[exhales sharply]
[locker door opens and closes]
[groans]
H‐‐Hey, you guys?
Are you sure it's okay for me
to use the pool even though
I don't go to your school?
Yep, we got permission.
Our school is your school.
Wow, Rika.
Your swimsuit's so cool.
I know, right?
I had to get a new one 'cause
I wasn't this boobalicious
before SAO.
My old suit was so tight on me.
Oh?
I wish I could say the same.
I hardly changed at all.
[both grunting]
[Rika] Whoa‐ho‐ho.
Look at Asuna rockin'
the bikini.
Tryin' to hypnotize Kirito
with stripes, eh?
N‐‐No, that's not why I wore it.
Oh, this sucks.
I didn't know I could wear
a normal swimsuit here.
‐ [groans]
‐ [all] Huh?
[Suguha] Uh, I mean,
you said we were gonna use
you school's pool, so...
Y‐‐Your swimsuit
looks totally cute, though!
Yeah, totally!
It's so you, Suguha.
[gasps]
What the heck's that supposed
to mean?
[Kazuto] Okay, where do you
want me to start?
I guess the best place would be
the day everyone got trapped.
The date was, uh‐‐
what was it?
[Kazuto] November 6, 2022.
God, it's already been two
and a half years.
[Akihiko] Attention, players.
I welcome you to my world.
What's he mean by that?
[Akihiko] My name
is Akihiko Kayaba,
and as of this moment,
I am in control of this world.
[gasps]
‐ [woman] Seriously?
‐ [man] Is that really him?
[man] Wow, that's some entrance.
[Akihiko] I'm sure most
of you have already noticed
an item missing
from your main menus‐‐
the logout button.
[chiming]
Let me assure you this is not
a defect in the game.
I repeat,
this is not a defect.
This is how "Sword Art Online"
was designed to be.
He's kidding, right?
[Akihiko] It's important
you remember the following.
There is no longer any way
to revive someone within
the game.
If your HP drops to zero,
your avatar will be deleted
from the system forever.
And the NerveGear
will simultaneously destroy
your brain.
[gasps]
[boar squealing]
[Kazuto grunts]
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Akihiko] There's only one way
for a player to escape now.
You must clear the game.
Right now you're gathered
on floor one,
the lowest level of Aincrad.
If you can get through
the dungeon and defeat the boss,
you may advance
to the next floor.
Defeat the boss on floor 100
and you will clear the game.
[man] Clear?
[woman] What's he talking about?
Why should we believe any
of the crap you're saying?
We can't clear all 100 floors.
That's freakin' impossible.
Even the beta testers
never made it that high!
[Akihiko] Last but not least,
I've placed a little present
in the item storage
of every player.
Please, have a look.
[gasps]
[chiming]
[Kazuto] A mirror?
[gasps]
‐ [Klein shouting]
‐ Klein!
[all shouting]
[gasping]
[Klein] You okay, Kirito?
[Kazuto] Yeah.
Wait, who are you?
I'm me.
Who are you?
[gasps]
[indistinct chatter]
Son of a‐‐you're a guy?
You're not 17!
Wait a second.
‐ Is that you, Klein?
‐ Is that you, Kirito?
[gasps]
But how?
The scan.
[Kazuto] There's
a high‐density
signal device inside
the NerveGear rig.
It can see what
my face looks like,
but how's it know my height
and body type?
[Klein] When you first put
the NerveGear on,
it had you do this
calibration thing.
It asked you to touch your body
all over like this, remember?
Oh, yeah.
You're right.
That's where it got
our physical data.
But this is‐‐
what's the point?
Why would anyone do this to us?
[Kazuto] I think he's about
to tell us.
[Akihiko] Right now
you're probably wondering why.
"Why would Akihiko Kayaba‐‐
developer of 'Sword Art Online'
and NerveGear‐‐do this?"
Ultimately, my goal
was a simple one.
The reason I created
"Sword Art Online"
was to control the fate
of a world of my design.
Kayaba.
[Akihiko] As you can see,
I have achieved my goal.
[grunting]
He made it to control the fate
of a world of his design, huh?
That's the reason Kayaba
gave you guys?
[Kazuto] Yeah.
So what'd you think when
you heard him say that?
[Kazuto] I dunno.
I guess all I could think about
was how I was gonna survive.
There wasn't really time
to think about anything else.
That's why I ditched Klein.
To survive.
Okay.
If that's what you want,
I'll get going,
but if you're in a jam,
message me, okay?
Sure.
I'll be seeing you, Klein.
Take care.
Kirito!
I‐‐
[grunts]
[Klein] Hey.
Kirito.
Uh, you look better like this.
[gasps]
Way cooler than your avatar.
[grunts]
Yeah,
and I think that scruffy face
fits you ten times better, too.
[panting]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[panting]
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[panting]
[grunting]
[shouting]
I got this.
I can do this.
[grunts]
This world can't beat me.
[shouts]
I will survive.
[grunts and shouts]
[Rika] Whoo‐hoo!
We got the pool all
to ourselves.
This is gonna be so much fun.
Last one in's a rotten egg!
Hey, wait up, Lis!
Shouldn't you stretch
before going in?
[both shouting]
Oh, whatever.
Here I come!
[laughs]
Okay, okay.
You win.
‐ [laughs]
‐ [Suguha] Oh, wow!
That's so cold!
[laughs]
[Suguha] Ah.
How'd you sneak that dorky thing
in here?
You can't learn to swim
if you're stuck inside one
of these things.
No, don't let the air out of it!
I'll sink if I don't have
a floaty thing!
You won't sink,
especially with
the floaty things
you're packin' in your swimsuit!
What are you doing?
Stop it!
[Rika] They're so plump
and firm.
What have you been eating?
What's your secret?
Come on.
Spill it.
‐ [Suguha] Stop it!
‐ [groans]
‐ [laughs]
‐ [whimpers]
‐ [groans]
‐ Lisbeth?
‐ Sorry about that.
‐ [groans]
Why don't we start by getting
you used to having your face
in the water?
Sound good?
[Seijiro] After
the big revelation,
most players teamed up
in parties,
figuring that
was their best chance
of surviving "SAO."
But you didn't do that.
You were a solo player
pretty much up until
the very last phase.
You knew you'd die for real
if your HP hit zero
so why would you take that kind
of risk?
[Kazuto] I didn't start out
wanting to.
It was just something
that happened.
Stop cheering!
[tense music]
Why'd you do it, huh?
Why'd you let Diabel die?
[Kazuto] Let him die?
[grunts]
That's what I said.
Admit it.
You knew the technique
the boss was gonna use.
[Kibaou] You could have told us.
Then Diabel would have stood
a chance.
He wouldn't have had to die!
[indistinct chatter]
I know why he knew!
He used to be a beta tester!
[Man] Think about it!
He knew the boss's
attack patterns.
He knew but he kept it from us!
[grunts]
[Man] And I bet he's not
the only beta tester here.
Come on!
Show yourselves!
[Kazuto laughing]
both: Hmm?
[Kazuto] So you guys think
I used to be a beta tester.
It's not cool to put me in
the same class with those noobs.
[Kibaou] Wh‐‐What'd you say?
You heard me.
Most of the 1,000 people
who scored a slot
in "SAO's" beta were rookies.
They were so green they didn't
even know how to level up.
Hell, even you guys are better
than they were.
[gasps]
But me, I'm nothing
like those guys, man.
During the beta,
I made it to floors
that were higher
than any of the other testers.
That's a fact.
I knew about the boss
'cause I fought tons of monster
with way more sword skills
on higher floors.
I know a bunch of other things,
too.
More than you can imagine.
More than any info broker.
Wh‐‐What the hell?
If that's true then you're worse
than a beta tester.
You're a goddamn cheater!
That's what you are!
[all shouting at once]
[man] He's a beta tester
and a cheater.
He's a beater!
A beater.
Yeah, that's good.
‐ I like it.
‐ [gasps]
[Kazuto] Okay.
You can call me a beater.
Just make sure
you don't confuse me
with those beta testers anymore.
[chiming]
[chuckles]
Oh, okay.
I didn't know you were
the inspiration
for that weird beater handle.
Playing the villain
was brilliant.
By doing that,
you took the heat off
the other beta testers.
Must have been hard
to take that on, though.
[Kazuto] Nah.
It wasn't all that bad.
[gasping]
Sachi!
[grunts]
[gasps]
Kirito!
[grunts]
Sachi!
[monster snarling]
[grunting]
[gasps]
[glass shattering]
[Kazuto] The hard part
was making friends
and having to watch them die.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Nice job.
You getting used to it yet?
[Suguha] Yeah, I‐‐I think
I'm getting the hang of it.
Still having a hard time opening
my eyes underwater, though.
That part's always weird,
but don't worry.
You'll get used to it.
Why don't we take
a little break now?
both: Roger!
[cicadas chirping]
[Rika] Ah.
It's definitely summer.
It totally is,
isn't it?
Isn't it supposed
to always be summer
in that quest we're goin' on?
Yeah, it's in the southern part
of Sylph territory.
I heard it gets
pretty hot there.
I heard it's loaded
with all kinds of new traps.
I can't wait.
We'd better figure out a way
to keep Kirito from going aggro
and leaving us all
in the dust again.
Hey, I've been meaning
to ask you guys something.
When you were stuck in the game,
how did you all meet my brother?
[both chuckle]
I was surrounded by a bunch
of monsters
and he saved me just as I
was about to get attacked.
[health beeping]
[monsters snarling]
[gasping]
[roars]
[high‐pitched squealing]
[squeaks]
Pina!
[squeaking]
[Keiko] Pina, Pina!
[whimpers]
[Keiko gasps]
Pina!
[gasps]
[monsters snarling]
Pina, Pina!
Pina!
[whimpers]
[monster roars]
[shuddering]
[booming]
[gasps]
[gentle music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[whimpers]
Pina.
Why‐‐why would you do all this
for me?
[grunts]
I'll tell you but only
if you promise not to laugh.
Okay?
I promise I won't.
[grunts]
All right.
It's because you look like
my little sister.
[dramatic guitar music]
[laughing]
[groans]
[Keiko] I'm sorry.
[giggles]
[all laughing]
Only Kirito would say something
as goofy as that.
I mean,
compared to you, Suguha,
Keiko doesn't look
a thing like you.
W‐‐What about us
are you comparing?
[giggles nervously]
[whimpers]
Anyway, after that,
Kirito took me on a quest
to find a rare item
to save Pina.
[dramatic music]
[gasps]
♪♪ ♪♪
Go ahead.
Pick it up.
[gasps]
[chiming]
You sure it'll bring Pina back
to life?
‐ Uh‐huh.
‐ I'm so glad.
[Kazuto] There's a bunch of
strong monsters lurking
around here.
Let's revive it when we get back
to town.
I'm sure Pina
would want it that way.
[monster slurps]
[gasps]
[screams]
[Kazuto] Calm down!
That thing's not that strong!
Oh, Kirito, save me,
but don't look!
Save me but don't look!
‐ That'll be difficult.
‐ [Keiko] Put me down!
No!
[shouts]
[monster snarls]
Did you see anything?
[cicadas chirping]
When I first met your brother,
it wasn't half as dramatic
as what happened to Silica.
Welcome to Lisbeth's
Blacksmith Shop.
[Kazuto] Oh, hi.
Uh, I was wondering
if you do custom orders.
Mm?
[groans]
[Rika] Hmm.
He doesn't look like
he has that much money.
I can.
The thing is metal prices
are kinda high these days.
[Kazuto] Oh, well,
I'm not worried about the cost.
I just want the best sword
you can make
as soon as possible.
Well, I make a lot
of different swords
but if you have any idea
of the quality
of sword you want,
I can make it.
[Kazuto] Uh, sure.
One sec.
Hmm?
[Kazuto] So, I'm looking
for something either
the same quality
or better than this.
Oh.
[grunts]
[gasps]
[Rika] An Elucidator!
This is the gnarliest
magic sword
a person can get
from a monster drop.
[Kazuto] What do you think?
[grunting]
[swords rattling]
[Rika] How about this?
It's the best sword
I ever forged.
I call it my masterpiece.
I don't know.
It's a little light.
It should be.
I used a speed‐type metal
to forge it.
I'd like to test it,
if it's cool.
Test it how?
You know,
its durability.
Mm.
[sword clattering]
[gasps]
What the heck are you doing?
If you break your sword,
I'm not responsible!
If it breaks,
then that's too bad!
[upbeat medieval music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[screams]
He just walked in
and destroyed my best sword.
Talk about
a bad first impression.
Um, sorry about that.
That's how he is, though,
always doing the one thing
you least expect.
Yeah, like the time we fell into
a dragon's lair
and he handed me a pile
of its poop like it
was no big deal.
Definitely not a good memory.
I'm with you there, Lis.
No.
[laughs]
Actually,
there were some good memories.
[grunts]
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
It's so warm.
Huh?
Even though you and me are just
these ones and zeroes
in a virtual world.
I know.
[giggles]
Look at that!
[wind whipping]
[gasping]
[giggles]
[chuckles]
Kirito!
You know what?
No!
What?
Don't freak out,
but I'm falling
in love with you!
[giggles]
I can't hear a thing!
What did you just say?
[grunts]
[giggles]
Never mind!
[laughing]
Do me a favor, okay?
Tell Asuna what you told me.
‐ [Kazuto] Lis.
‐ [Rika] I'm fine, really.
The getting over it part,
that's gonna take a while.
Until I do,
promise me.
Promise me you'll put
an end to this world.
[Rika] Til then,
I'll keep doing what I do best.
[cicadas chirping]
I don't know.
Damn him.
I bet he's flirting with
that cute counselor right now.
[Seijiro] You see that?
Right there.
[Kazuto] What?
Where?
[Seijiro] Right there.
See?
[Kazuto] What am I looking at?
Those coordinates there.
I see a boss raid,
all the high level players,
and who do you think that is?
[groans]
I thought so.
There you are,
the strongest solo player
in the game,
joining a raid party
to fight a boss.
I'm sure you understand why I
was surprised to see you there.
Well, you shouldn't be.
With four bosses,
being a high‐level solo player
didn't mean jack.
We needed help.
There were bosses that posed
a threat even if you
were in a party,
like Illfang the Kobold Lord,
the Floor 1 boss.
His level was so high,
he almost wiped us out.
[screams]
[monster snarls]
Diabel, no!
[both grunting]
[monster roars]
[shouts]
[grunts]
[all shouting]
[blows landing]
[grunts]
Watch out!
[tense music]
[monster roars]
[grunts]
You're going down!
[blow lands]
[monster snarls]
[shouts]
[Kazuto] Oh, no!
[Kazuto grunts]
[grunts]
[Kazuto] There was Gleam Eyes,
the boss on Floor 74.
I beat it using
my dual wielding skill
but I came this close
to getting myself killed
in the process.
[monster snarls]
♪♪ ♪♪
[monster snarling]
[Kazuto grunts]
Okay, here goes.
Starburst Stream!
[grunting]
[grunting continues]
[monster snarls]
[gasps]
What the hell
kinda skill's that?
[Kazuto grunts]
Faster!
[electric sparking]
[grunting]
[Kazuto shouts]
[grunts]
Gotta go faster!
[shouting]
[shouts]
And that was just the bosses,
but in Aincrad,
there was something
even scarier.
Yeah?
What was that?
The other players.
‐ Seriously?
‐ Yeah.
The bosses' parameters
were intimidating,
but in the end
they were just programs.
[Kazuto] Once you figured out
their attack patterns,
you could deal with them,
and since they couldn't leave
their dungeons,
you could always bail,
but players‐‐
Red Players were human, too,
and they were always coming up
with new ways to PK you,
and they killed lots of players.
[exhales sharply]
[gasping]
[grunts]
[groaning]
[health beeping]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [Man] We've been poisoned.
[Kuradeel laughing]
[Kazuto whimpering]
[gasps]
[chuckles]
Why do you keep struggling?
Are you afraid
of dying after all?
[Kazuto] No.
I'm just not ready yet.
[laughs]
Is that so?
[Kuradeel laughs]
That's the way I like it!
[Kuradeel chuckles]
[groans]
[both groaning]
[health beeping]
Die!
[Kuradeel] Die!
[groans]
[Kazuto] It wasn't just
the fights
with Red Players, either.
I found myself
in hairy situations
and straight‐up duels, too.
We may be the top guild
but we barely get by
with the amount of troops
we have.
[Kazuto grunts]
[grunting]
[Kazuto grunting]
[gasps]
[blow lands]
[groaning]
[Kazuto] His shield?
[grunting]
[blows landing]
[grunts]
[Kazuto grunts]
[grunting]
Your reaction time
is very impressive.
[grunts]
[gasps]
[shouts]
[grunting]
[grunts]
[Kazuto] Now's my chance!
[rock music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[gasps]
[grunts]
[Kazuto grunts]
[health beeping]
[gasping]
[chiming]
Right, Heathcliff.
Leader of the Knights
of the Blood Oath.
He was brilliant.
One of the top players
in the game.
[Kazuto] Yeah,
and what's ironic is,
it was my duel with him
that tipped me off
about his true identity.
[Asuna] I made
a little something for everyone,
so dig in!
both: No way!
Um, I brought along some lunch
to share, too.
Help yourselves
to whatever you want.
[all clapping]
all: Thanks for the food.
Ooh.
[cell phone ringing]
[Keiko] It's really good!
[all giggling]
Who's it from?
[Asuna] Kirito.
He says to start without him.
[laughs]
Okay, then.
I'll just put Kirito's share
in my stomach, too.
Uh‐‐
You can't eat up all his food.
That's mean.
We have to leave some
for him, too.
Okay.
Hah!
Aww, hey!
[Suguha] Wow.
Asuna's lunch is so adorable.
I wonder if that's the kind
of girl Kazuto likes.
The kind that are all feminine
and can cook good.
[both giggling]
Is something wrong, Suguha?
[Suguha] Huh?
O‐‐Oh, no, nothing!
I was just wondering how you
and my brother met, is all.
‐ He never told me, so‐‐
‐ Ah‐‐
Yeah, tell us
how you guys met.
I wanna hear how you guys met!
‐ Really?
‐ Oh, come on.
We just told you
so it's only fair.
She's right.
You're the only one here
who hasn't talked about it yet.
[groans]
Well,
since you put it that way...
‐ [Rika] All right!
‐ [Keiko] Yay!
[both laughing]
[clears throat]
So,
we first met
in a town called Tolbana.
It was on Floor 1
at a boss raid meeting
and I sort of brushed him off.
[Asuna] At the time all I
could think about
was clearing the game.
[dramatic music]
You really think
these taste good?
Uh‐huh.
Since I came to this town,
I end up eating
at least one a day.
Course, I got a trick
to make it taste better.
What trick?
[Kazuto] Try it with some
of that.
[gasps]
[Asuna] Cream?
[glass shatters]
[chomps]
[chomping]
[exhales sharply]
[Asuna] He taught me
that even though we
were stuck in Aincrad,
we could still find ways
to enjoy life.
[birds chirping]
[groans]
Oh, hey.
What's up?
Everyone in
the assault team's working
their butts off
to clear the dungeon,
and where do I find you?
Out here taking a nap.
Even if you're a solo player,
you should take this more se‐‐
Betcha didn't know this
is Aincrad's nicest season.
Today's weather is at
its optimal setting.
Huh?
[Kazuto] It's be a waste
to have to go to work
on a day like this.
Whatever.
I can't believe you.
Do you even understand
what's going on?
Every day here
is another one lost
in the real world.
Yeah, but right now we're not in
the real world, are we?
We're alive in Aincrad.
Uh?
[Kazuto] See?
Doesn't that breeze feel good?
And the sun.
[Asuna] Oh, come on.
The weather's always
the same here.
[Kazuto groans]
If you lay down on the grass
for a little bit,
you'd understand.
[grunts]
[gentle music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[groaning]
[yawns]
[gasps]
[breathing gently]
[Man] Takin' a nap in the middle
of the day.
Some people sure got it easy.
[Man 2] Couple of lazy losers,
man.
[all laughing]
I can't believe she fell asleep.
[gasps]
[breathing gently]
[cicadas chirping]
[Asuna sneezes]
Oh.
[groans]
[groaning]
Uh...
Uh?
[gasps]
Wha‐‐uh‐‐
uh...
Good morning.
You slept like a rock.
[gasps]
[grunting]
You get one meal.
Huh?
One meal.
All you can eat, my treat.
Then we'll be even.
Deal?
[gasps]
If everything happened
the way you just said,
then it sounds like you fell
for Kirito before he fell
for you.
[Asuna] N‐‐No!
I‐‐It wasn't like‐‐
Uh, uh, uh!
Don't deny it.
Remember when you came
to get your sword sharpened?
You were all sad
'cause you thought he
wasn't into you.
[Asuna whimpers]
So I had you snag him.
Did you chase him down
and confess your feelings?
‐ [Asuna] Well, uh...
‐ Oh!
[Asuna] So, where
am I gonna cook it?
Oh, well‐‐
I'm guessing not your place,
right?
You even own any cookware?
[groans]
[Asuna] Okay.
Because the main ingredient
is special,
I won't have a problem
if we use my place this time.
[gasps]
Good.
[exhales sharply]
[Asuna] So, what do you say you
and me team up again?
[gasps]
Black's my lucky color
this week anyway.
Hold up a sec.
Don't you have stuff you have
to do for your guild?
You can't just bail on 'em.
It's not like we have
any leveling quotas to meet.
Well then what about
your body guard?
I'll just ditch him.
[gasps]
[groans]
[giggles]
[Kazuto groans]
[tea pouring]
[teapot rattles]
[menu chiming]
The front lines are dangerous,
though.
[grunts]
[Kazuto] Okay, fine.
[giggles]
Whoa, I didn't think you'd
be that aggressive about it.
Maybe you have
to be that aggressive
to get a guy to pay attention.
W‐‐Well, what could I do?
After all,
I‐‐I was in love with him.
‐ [giggles]
‐ [Keiko gasps]
Aww, that's the sweetest thing
I've ever heard.
So, how far'd you guys go, huh?
I know it was in‐game,
but you were married,
so did you,
or did you?
Huh?
[Asuna] I'm sorry.
This was all my fault,
wasn't it?
[Kazuto grunts]
Asuna.
[Asuna] I'm sorry.
But I‐‐I should stay away
from you.
[sobbing]
For your safety.
[whimpers]
[Asuna whimpers]
[whimpering]
[gasps]
[Kazuto shudders]
Asuna, my life belongs to you.
I'll give it up for you.
I wanna stay with you until
the end.
[Asuna] And I promise
I'll do anything
to protect you, too.
Forever.
No matter what.
I swear.
[Kazuto] I'll do everything
I can to make sure
you get back to the real world.
Asuna.
Could I...
Stay with you for the night?
[gasps]
Mm‐hmm.
[light beeps]
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[menu chiming]
[gasps]
D‐‐Don't look.
Not yet, anyway.
[shudders]
[gasps]
W‐‐What are you waiting for?
Get undressed.
Don't just sit there.
I‐‐It's embarrassing.
♪♪ ♪♪
[groans]
[moans]
Hey.
What'cha smilin' about?
[Asuna] Mm.
I was just having a dream...
About my old life.
It was weird.
In the dream I had,
everything in Aincrad,
everything that happened
and meeting you was just that:
a dream,
and I was so scared.
But it wasn't.
Thank God it wasn't.
Now, that sounds weird.
Don't you wanna go back?
Of course I do.
I do, it's just I don't want
my life here to disappear,
is all.
The last two years have been
very special to me.
I realize that now.
‐ [singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
Listen, Kirito,
I was thinking,
maybe we could leave
the front lines for a while.
[Kazuto] What?
[Asuna] I'm scared.
I feel like if we return
to the battlefield now,
something bad's gonna happen.
Or maybe I'm just tired
of it all.
I know what you mean.
I guess I am, too.
♪♪ ♪♪
In the southwest of Floor 22,
there's this tiny little village
by a lake and a forest.
We could get a house together.
And then...
And then what?
Then...
We get married.
♪♪ ♪♪
[whimpers]
Okay.
[cicadas chirping]
[Rika] Hello, Earth to Asuna!
Huh?
Nothing!
I‐‐I mean, we didn't!
I mean,
we didn't do anything!
Man, I'm so jealous.
You're so lucky being
all married
and havin' Yui,
the cutest kid ever.
[Asuna] She is great.
Our pride and joy.
Look at you.
You're quite the doting parent,
for a teenager.
[Asuna] I think I'll take that
as a compliment, smarty.
[giggles]
Seriously, we wanna make
Yui happy, too,
so we'll do our best
on today's quest.
[giggles]
Uh, Anna?
Kitto?
Try to remember.
What were you doing
in the forest?
And do you know where your mom
and dad are now?
[whimpers]
I don't know.
I can't remember anything.
Oh, no.
‐ [exhales]
‐ [grunts]
Well, you're awake.
Can I call you Yui?
Mm‐hmm.
Okay.
Then you can call me Kirito.
Can you say Kirito?
Kitto?
It's Kirito.
Ki‐ri‐to.
[groans]
[gasps]
Kitto.
That's okay.
Maybe it's a little hard.
How 'bout you call me
whatever's easier for you?
[whimpers]
Daddy.
M‐‐Me?
Auna is Mommy.
[gasps]
[whimpers]
[chuckles]
Okay.
I'm Mommy.
That works.
[gasps]
Mommy!
Daddy!
[Asuna laughing]
You must be hungry.
How about breakfast?
Okay!
[Kazuto groans]
Uh, Yui?
Yui.
[Yui] Daddy.
Mommy.
Don't worry.
I remember everything.
Mental health
counseling program,
prototype one.
Codependent: Yui.
[grunts]
That is who I am.
You aren't just
some program anymore.
The system can't control you.
Listen, if you want something,
all you have to do is say it.
Go ahead.
Tell us what you want.
[gasps]
[grunts]
What I want?
[Yui] I want...
I wanna stay with you forever!
[shudders]
Daddy!
Mommy!
[gasps]
[whimpers]
You will.
We'll be together forever, Yui.
Yeah.
Remember, you're our child.
[Kazuto shouts]
Kirito!
[gasps]
Are you okay?
Ah...
Uh...
[Asuna] What's this?
The system was about
to reject Yui's
admin credentials.
The only thing I could do
was take her program
and turn it into a game object.
[Asuna] So this is...
You're holding Yui's heart.
[gasps]
[whimpers]
[crying]
That's amazing.
He never told me about how
you met Yui in "SAO."
[Asuna chuckles]
That's how it happened,
and ever since then,
she's been our child.
Mm.
Okay, let's get back in the pool
and practice some more.
Come on, Suguha.
A couple more lessons and you'll
be swimming circles
around Kirito.
Cool!
[chuckles]
[Seijiro sighs]
It's good to be young, isn't it?
Hmm.
I hope those girls realize
how lucky they are
to be back in the real world.
They'd be dead if it weren't
for your heroic actions.
[Kazuto scoffs]
I wasn't trying to be a hero.
You figured out Heathcliff
was Akihiko Kayaba, didn't you?
If beating him at his
own game wasn't a heroic act,
I don't know what is.
It didn't seem like it
at the time, though.
[gasps]
[snarls]
[screams]
[scoffs]
[grunting]
[blows landing]
[grunting and shouting]
[shouting]
[Kirito] I'm sorry, Asuna.
Please, keep living.
[screams]
[gasping]
Game over, Kirito.
[blow lands]
[gasps]
[health bar beeping]
[groans]
Asuna.
You can't.
You can't be.
[whimpers]
I'm sorry.
[gasps]
Goodbye.
[booming]
[gasping]
Hmm.
[blow lands]
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[gasping]
[Kazuto] It's over now.
[Asuna] I believe in you,
Kirito.
[gasps]
[health bar beeping]
[booming]
[Kazuto] Not yet.
Huh?
[breathing heavily]
[Kazuto] Not yet!
[gasps]
[Kazuto grunting]
[shouts]
[life bar beeping]
[gasps]
[Kazuto] We did it.
Didn't we?
[exhales]
[static hissing]
[booming]
[Woman] On November 7th
at 2:55 p. m.,
the game has been cleared.
Repeat, the game
has been cleared.
The report states
that after Kayaba lost
the final battle with you,
his brain was fried instantly
by his NerveGear rig.
The autopsy on him confirmed
as much.
However...
There's one thing
that puzzles me.
You were killed
in‐game before he was
and yet you survived.
Was that due to
a system‐related reason,
or was it the will of Kayaba?
[Akihiko] A stunning view,
isn't it?
[both gasping]
Akihiko Kayaba.
[Akihiko] At Argus Headquarters,
the "SAO" mainframe is in
a room five floors
below street level,
and right now it's deleting all
the data from its drives.
In about ten minutes,
everything in this world
will disappear forever.
[Asuna] And all the players?
What happens to them?
[Akihiko] You don't have
to worry about them.
The 6,147 players who survived
the game up to now
were logged out
a few seconds ago.
[menu chiming]
[Kazuto] And what about
the 4,000 people who died?
What about them?
[Akihiko] They'll never return.
In any world,
real or virtual,
once you're dead,
you're gone.
[Kazuto] Why?
What's the point?
Why did you do this?
That's a good question.
It's been so long,
I've forgotten the reason.
Isn't that strange?
[Akihiko] Even before
I developed the system
for the full dive environment,
I dreamed of this.
A castle in a world
that wasn't governed
by Earthly laws
and restrictions.
I poured my life into making
that world a reality.
I created this world.
And I got to see something
that surpassed anything
I could have imagined for it.
My steel castle floating
in the sky,
I don't remember how old I was
when I became obsessed with it.
I wanted to leave the Earth,
to fly to that castle.
I wanted that more
than anything else
for as long as I can remember.
You know what, Kirito?
I wanna believe
it's still out there.
That somewhere
in some other world
my castle is still standing
taller than ever.
Yeah.
Maybe it still is.
[Akihiko] Before I forget,
congratulations on clearing
the game, Kirito, Asuna.
Well then,
I should probably get going now.
[Seijiro] And that was it?
Kayaba just left you two
standing there?
He never gave you a reason why
he made "SAO" a death game,
other than that castle story?
[Kazuto] No.
That's all he said.
[cell phone rings]
Hmm.
[Seijiro] Who's that from?
[grunts]
[Seijiro] Let me guess.
It's from your princess.
When I think of what happened
to the two of you after
you survived "SAO,"
it must have been quite
an ordeal.
It was,
thanks to a certain someone.
A crime was being committed
right inside "ALO"
and you had no idea
it was even happening.
You're right.
We dropped the ball,
and I'm sorry about that.
It's no excuse but by
the time we found out
what Nobuyuki Sugou was up to,
using those 300 comatose
"SAO" players as guinea pigs,
you'd already gone in
and taken care of it.
But why couldn't you stop him
from doing it
in the first place?
It's not like we weren't
keeping tabs on him.
Sugou worked in
the same research lab as Kayaba.
[Seijiro] There were 6,000
players coming back from "SAO"
that needed us.
We were swamped checking up
on their health
and getting them adjusted
to the real world again.
Our staff was stretched so thin,
monitoring Sugou took
a backseat.
That said,
none of us even considered
the possibility
of him building a lab inside
the game for his experiments,
and in the real world,
he gave us no indication he
was involved
with anything shady.
[Seijiro] Why don't you tell me
what happened in there?
For starters,
how do you know what Sugou
was up to?
It's not like
I suspected anything.
Not at first.
[Man] This is Sugou.
He's our company's director
of R&D.
I'm Nobuyuki Sugou.
It's a pleasure.
I'm Kazuto Kirigaya.
[Man] Kazuto, take care.
[Sugou] I heard you and Asuna
were lovers in the game.
Is that true?
Uh‐huh.
That is unfortunate.
It's going to make
for one complicated relationship
between you and I.
[inhales sharply]
‐ [gasping]
‐ [Sugou] Mmm.
In case you're curious,
her father and I
were discussing her marriage.
[gasps]
[Sugou] To me.
[Kazuto grunts]
Stop it!
[Sugou grunts]
[Kazuto] Who do
you think you are?
You can't take advantage
of Asuna like this.
Take advantage?
Oh, please.
If anything,
I have a right to her.
[Sugou] Perhaps
I should explain why.
[grunts]
[Sugou] Any idea what happened
to Argus?
They're the company
that developed "SAO."
[Kazuto] I heard they closed
it down.
[Sugou] Very good.
The lawsuits
and damages they had
to pay took their toll.
The company was forced
into bankruptcy.
But the maintenance
of the "SAO" servers
was given to another company‐‐
an electronics manufacturer
where Asuna's father,
Shouzou Yuuki,
is the CEO.
‐ [Sugou] RECT Progress.
‐ [Kazuto gasps]
And I work for the company's
full dive technology
R&D division.
In other words,
and without getting
into specifics,
you could say I'm
the one keeping Asuna alive.
[gasps]
Now I ask you,
is it wrong for me to expect
a little compensation
for my trouble?
I don't know what kind
of promises you made
to each other in the game
and I don't really care.
But I don't ever want
to see you here again.
Understood?
And from now on,
stay away from the Yuuki family.
[Sugou] We're having
the ceremony here
on January 26th,
a week from now.
Save the date.
Even though you're not
welcome here anymore,
you should come to the wedding.
No need to thank me.
Well, Mr. Hero,
you've got the room all
to yourself now.
Say goodbye and get out.
[elevator door opens and closes]
[Seijiro] Geez.
Didn't you think he
was suspicious after that?
No, 'cause all I could
think about was Asuna.
Then a friend showed me
a screenshot with an avatar
that looked like her,
but that was my only clue.
[Seijiro] And based on that
you dove into "ALO"
to try and save her?
Well, it was all I had
to go on,
and that was enough for me.
[Kazuto] I need your help again.
One more time.
[beeping and whirring]
[inhales sharply]
Link start!
[high‐pitched beeping]
[thuds]
[grunts]
[groaning]
[exhales sharply]
[gasps]
[uplifting music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[groaning]
I'm back in another game.
Even after everything
I just went through.
[whooshing]
[grunts]
[winces]
[gasps]
Hey, Yui.
It's me.
You remember?
[gasps]
I do!
I remember you, Daddy!
Yui!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Daddy!
Daddy!
Daddy.
You're back.
It's a miracle.
Listen, Yui.
I think your mommy might
be stuck in here somewhere.
[Yui] Mommy?
Really?
What do you mean,
she's stuck?
[Kazuto] After "SAO"
was cleared,
Asuna never woke up
in the real world.
I found out she was seen
in Alfheim.
There's a picture
but it's too blurry to tell.
[Yui] What are we going to do?
[Kazuto exhales sharply]
What are you doing?
Go, get out of here!
Would someone tell me why
three big guys
are fighting one single girl?
That's pretty uncool,
if you ask me.
[Man] What did you say?
[Man 2] Better get your ass
outta here, noob, fast.
[Seijiro] Now,
if I remember correctly,
the player called Leafa
is your younger sister, right?
[Kazuto] Yeah,
she's the last person
I ever expected to run into
in "ALO,"
especially that way.
[gasps]
‐ [both giggling]
‐ No way!
You just swam 25 meters
like it was nothing!
You even got your
breathing technique down.
[Suguha giggles nervously]
You got the hang of it fast.
You are a good athlete.
It's all thanks to you guys.
[grunts]
What's up?
Are you starting to miss
your big brother or somethin'?
[Suguha] N‐‐No, not at all!
I was just wondering why
he's so late.
I don't have a brother or sister
but I always wished I had one.
Being close with him is nothing
to be embarrassed about.
[Suguha] You think so?
[both] Mm‐hmm.
‐ [giggles]
‐ [Suguha] Well,
the thing is,
before he got trapped
inside "SAO,"
we weren't really
all that close.
I wanted to see what
those VRMMOs he
was so obsessed with
were all about.
That's why I started
playing "ALO."
He's the reason I'm such
a badass gamer now.
[all giggling]
Kirito said
he needed help getting
to the World Tree
and you showed him the way.
Yeah, but when
I first met him in there,
I had no idea he was my brother.
He came off like just
another obnoxious gamer.
I kinda thought he was a dork
'cause sometimes he'd get
all broody and emo,
but the weird thing is,
I hung around.
I dunno why I did,
but I did.
Daddy?
[grunts]
Sorry.
It's just that I have to get
to the top of the World Tree
as soon as I can.
Uh, okay.
What's the rush?
I'm sort of looking for someone.
[Suguha] What do you mean?
No offense,
but it's hard to explain.
[gasps]
[grunts]
Thank you, Leafa.
All the info you gave me
is really gonna help.
[grunts]
[Suguha] Wait.
Are you heading
for the World Tree right now?
Uh‐huh.
I need to see for myself.
[Suguha] Alone?
That's crazy.
It's really far away
and you'll have
to fight a bunch of monsters.
I know you can handle yourself,
but...
[grunting]
Hey, if you want,
I can take you there.
The World Tree was way far.
I can't believe we made it
in three days.
It was crazy tough.
[laughs]
Thank you for helping him,
Suguha.
[Suguha] No, you don't have
to thank me.
I actually had a blast.
It was tough but it
was fun going on an adventure
with Kirito.
[both groaning]
Hey, you getting' tired yet?
Nope.
I'm good to go.
Okay, Mr. Tough Guy.
I hate to break it to you,
but flying's out for both
of us for a little while.
Oh?
How come?
You see that mountain
way over there?
[Suguha] It's above
the altitude limit,
so we can't fly over.
The only way anyone can pass it
is to go through the caves.
It's the toughest part
of the trip
between Sylph territory
and Arun.
Or so I've heard.
I've never even been
this far myself.
Guess we walk.
These caves,
are they long?
Pretty long.
There's a mining town
about halfway.
It's neutral territory
so we can rest there.
That reminds me.
Are you good for time,
or do you have to get back?
It's 7:00 at night
in the real world.
Yeah, I can keep going
for a while.
Cool.
I can, too,
so let's keep going,
but since we're here,
we should rotate out.
Wait, rotate?
[Suguha] Yeah.
We take turns logging out
and resting
while the other keeps watch.
You can't log out when
you're in the field, remember?
So we have to take turns
logging out.
The person
who stays behind guards
the other's avatar.
[Kazuto] Okay,
sounds like a plan.
Ladies first.
[Luna Haruna singing
in Japanese]
[Luna Haruna's "Overfly"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Suguha] I can't wait
to get back there.
♪♪ ♪♪
Kirito.
It's not that I'm in love
with him or anything,
or that I've got someone
to go on adventures with.
No, I'm just excited I get
to go places in a new world.
♪♪ ♪♪
[cicadas chirping]
[Rika] So, what'd you think
of him after that?
You still didn't know who
he was, right?
Did you think he was awesome
or what?
I don't know about awesome.
I guess if anything,
I thought he was really fast.
Later on I saw how focused
he was during battle,
way more than anyone
I'd ever seen before.
That's enough, Kirito!
If we lose,
it'll just mean a couple
extra hours of flying!
Let's give up while we can!
No way.
[gasps]
As long as I'm alive
I'm not gonna let anyone
in my party die.
I won't let that happen again.
[gasps]
[shouting]
[grunting]
[Man] What the hell?
What's he doing?
[Suguha] When I realized why
he took those battles
so seriously,
because there was someone
he was trying to protect,
I thought, "This is a guy
I can believe in."
[Kazuto] It's just
a game in the end.
Anything goes, right?
If you wanna kill,
you kill.
If you wanna steal,
you steal.
[grunts]
A lot of people think like that,
more than I care to know.
And in a way,
I get it.
Even I used to think like that.
But none of it's true.
In a virtual world,
there's things you have
to protect because it's
a virtual world.
Someone special taught me that.
If you give into
your impulses in here,
it's gonna change who you are
in the real world.
The player and the character
are one and the same.
Leafa, you're a good person.
And I wanna be your friend.
So it doesn't matter what
the reason is.
There's no way in hell
I'd ever attack a friend
for my own benefit.
I couldn't live with myself.
[Suguha] It didn't matter what
the odds were.
My brother would never turn
his back on a fight
if it was for the right thing.
That's why I knew
he could never lose.
[gasps]
Kirito!
[scoffs]
[both shouting]
[grunting]
[grunts]
[whimpering]
[screaming]
[shouts]
[both grunting]
[grunts]
Die!
[groans]
[shouting]
[both shouting]
[screams]
[shouting]
[cicadas chirping]
You know, I think it's great
you guys are close and all,
but I get the feeling you're
a little too close.
Know what I'm saying?
[gasps]
G‐‐God,
what are you talking about?
A‐‐Anyway, shouldn't I get back
to practicing?
You heard the lady.
Let's get back to it.
Mm.
[Suguha] If only I'd known
before I fell in love.
Is that you, Kazuto?
Huh?
Sugu?
Suguha?
[gasps]
I can't believe it.
It's not fair!
‐ No!
‐ [Kazuto] S‐‐Sugu!
[menus chiming]
Sugu!
[gasps]
I...
I betrayed the feelings I had!
I betrayed the love I felt...
For you.
When I met Kirito,
I thought finally I could
give up on all these feelings
I had for you.
What the hell?
[Suguha] I already had!
But‐‐but now I...
Well, I mean, love?
But you and me, we're‐‐
‐ No, we're not.
‐ Huh?
I said no, we're not!
I know you're not really
my brother
and I'm not your sister!
‐ [gasps]
‐ [Suguha] I've known all along!
For the last two years, anyway.
That's why you quit kendo,
isn't it?
And why you started avoiding me.
It's because you knew
the whole time, didn't you?
You pushed me away 'cause
I'm not your real sister,
didn't you!?
You did.
Well, if that's how it is,
why do you care about me now?
[stammering]
[Suguha] I just‐‐I was so happy
you came back from "SAO."
I was happy 'cause you
were being nice to me again,
just like when we were little.
It felt like you were finally
giving me a chance.
That's what I thought.
But now...
If this is how it is
I wish you'd kept on being
a jerk to me.
If you had,
I wouldn't have realized how
I felt about you.
I wouldn't have felt sad
and jealous when I found out
about her,
and I wouldn't have tried
forgetting about you
and falling in love
with Kirito instead!
[dramatic music]
[gasps]
I'm sorry.
[whimpers]
[sniffles]
♪♪ ♪♪
Go on.
Leave me alone.
[footsteps]
[bed creaks]
[whimpering]
[crying]
[wind howling]
[grunts]
[shudders]
[both grunting]
[gasps]
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
What are you doing?
W‐‐What are you doing?
[grunts]
[Kazuto] Look,
I wanted to apologize.
But I just didn't know how
to go about doing it.
So I was gonna throw the duel.
[Suguha gasps]
You were?
[Kazuto] I'm sorry.
[gasps]
I'm sorry, too.
[Kazuto] I think my problem
is I never really came back
to the real world after "SAO."
And I can't come back
until she wakes up.
In a way,
the game hasn't ended
for me yet.
And I guess that's why I still
haven't figured out how
I fit in at home or with you.
Not yet, anyway.
[grunts]
And when you do,
I'll be there.
It doesn't matter how long
it takes,
I'll be waiting for the day
you come back to us for real.
Until then,
I'll help you in here.
[grunts]
[water splashing]
[Rika] Hey, Suguha!
You won't learn how
to swim unless you practice!
Uh, yeah!
I'm coming!
[Seijiro] Okay, so thanks
to your sister's help,
you finally reached
the World Tree.
In the report
it says Sugou's grand quest
was designed to be impossible
to clear,
but somehow you cleared it
on your own
and went on to rescue Asuna?
No, that's not how it happened.
I didn't clear it alone.
[tense music]
[Kazuto] I'm almost there!
♪♪ ♪♪
[blow lands]
[screams]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[grunting]
[health beeping]
[grunts and screams]
Just a little further!
[shouting]
[beeps]
[Eir Aoi singing in Japanese]
[Suguha] Kirito!
[grunts]
[Eir Aoi's "Innocence"]
[gasps]
♪♪ ♪♪
[grunts]
[blow lands]
[groaning]
[blows landing]
[groans]
[gasps]
[groaning]
♪♪ ♪♪
[gasps]
[grunts]
[gasping]
[shouting]
[grunting]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[speaking foreign language]
No way!
He's using a dark magic spell!
♪♪ ♪♪
[speaking foreign language]
Okay, Dragoons!
Get ready
to toast these suckers!
Sylph warriors,
prepare to engage the enemy!
Fire breath attack!
Fenrir Storm,
fire at will!
♪♪ ♪♪
[Kazuto] I cleared
the quest thanks
to Leafa and Recon.
Sakuya and Alicia.
And all the Sylph and
Cait Sith warriors.
If it wasn't for them,
I would have never been able
to reach Asuna.
[Seijiro] I see.
[shouting]
♪♪ ♪♪
[shouts]
And then Sugou‐‐a. k. a. Oberon
the Fairy King‐‐appeared.
Usually I wouldn't think
it possible
for a player to beat
the game master.
But then you're
an unusual player.
[chuckles]
Yes!
[shouts and gasps]
[laughs]
Great!
That's what I was hoping for.
You can't get NPC girls
to make faces like that.
[grunting]
[sniffs]
Ah, you smell lovely.
Figuring out how to replicate
the way you smell in real life
was a challenge.
And don't even get
me started on how...
[sniffs]
Hard it was to get an analyzer
into your
hospital room undetected.
[whimpers]
‐ [Kazuto] Get away from her!
‐ [Sugou grunts]
Sugou!
[grunts]
Give me a break.
Why don't you stay down
and grovel like
a good little doggie?
[laughs]
[grunting]
[shouts]
Kirito!
[groaning]
System command,
change the pain absorber
from level ten to level eight!
[groans]
[laughs]
Hurts, doesn't it?
I'll increase the pain gradually
to give you something
to look forward to.
By the way,
once it drops below level three,
it'll start affecting your body
in the real world.
[Sugou] As for you...
[chuckles]
[gasps]
[laughs maniacally]
[whimpers]
[grunts]
[moans]
Yummy.
How sweet.
‐ [grunts]
‐ [whimpers]
Sugou, you bastard!
You bastard!
‐ [Kazuto shouting]
‐ [moans]
[laughing maniacally]
I'll kill you!
You hear?
I'm gonna kill you!
[shouting]
[Akihiko] Are you giving up?
[Kazuto] No.
I'm facing reality.
[Akihiko] Then you are giving up
to the power of a system
you once defied.
[Kazuto] What choice do I have?
I'm just a player.
And he's the GM.
[Akihiko] Then our battle
was what,
a joke?
Do you remember how
you showed me
the power of the human will
was superior to the system?
How you showed me
the possibilities
of the future?
You're...
[Akihiko] Get up, Kirito.
Get up!
[gasps]
GMs are the supreme rulers
of the worlds they create.
And as long as they're
in that world,
they can access the powers
of a god, if they want.
[Kazuto] The thing is,
it's the system
that gives them their power.
It's not something they had
to win or hone.
But real power is something
that's only found in you.
That's true in the virtual world
and the real one.
[dramatic music]
[Rika] You wanna go get
some ice cream?
both: Mm‐hmm.
[Rika] Sounds ice, am I right?
[all laughing]
[Kazuto] In the end,
Sugou overestimated
the power he got.
That's why he self‐destructed.
That he did.
[cell phone chimes]
♪♪ ♪♪
As for what happened next,
you know everything there is
to know about that.
I'd better get goin'.
I'm supposed to meet the others
in "ALO" after this.
I don't wanna be late.
Before you go,
I have one more question.
I heard about something called
the Seed.
Have you heard of it?
Yeah, of course.
[door opens and closes]
[Seijiro] See you around,
Kirito.
[distant birds chirping]
Know what, Kirito?
I never appreciated
the difference
between in‐game time
and real world time
as I do now.
Why, 'cause it's night
IRL right now?
No, 'cause it's a perfect day
at the beach here!
‐ Those blue skies‐‐
‐ And that white sand‐‐
And those gentle waves.
And that warm sun.
And that view.
[all giggling]
'Sup, dogs?
Sorry I'm late.
[both groaning]
[Andrew] What?
You got a problem with my suit?
‐ [Keiko] No, it's too cold!
‐ [Rika] Incoming wave!
STR mode full speed ahead!
[both giggling]
I'll get you back!
Pina, show her
your water breath!
[chirping]
Fire at will!
[chirps]
[groans]
Behold the power of Pina!
She sank her good!
[groans]
[inhales sharply]
[grunts]
[gasps]
Leafa, you gonna be okay
or do you need more practice?
N‐‐No, I'm good to go!
I'm not afraid anymore.
Long as I can touch the bottom.
Well, you look more confident.
Oh, about where
we're going today.
Yeah, I was gonna ask you.
Any idea how far under
this dungeon's supposed to be?
Pretty far down.
I think I heard it was around
100 meters.
A‐‐A hundred!?
[grunting]
Uh, I'm okay!
I can do this.
Hmm?
‐ [giggling]
‐ [Suguha] It's for Yui,
after all.
Thanks a lot, Leafa.
[both giggling]
And then the second Kirito saw
the king of all fish
come storming out of the lake,
he screamed so loud!
All, "Wah!"
Oh, come on.
You're so exaggerating.
[scoffs]
I went, "Whoa,"
but that's about
as loud as I got.
[both giggling]
Lucky!
I wish I could have seen
the king of fish, too.
Don't worry.
Once the new Aincrad opens up
on floor 22,
we're gonna buy another cabin,
and have another contest
at the lake.
Wait'll you see it.
That fish is so ginormous,
it's scary.
So scary, you might cry.
Oh, no I won't!
You say it's big
but when you factor in
the area at the lake,
it can't possibly be
as big as a whale
in the real world.
Wait, have you seen
a real whale before?
No.
I just estimated the size
of one using measurements
and video data I found.
I wish I could see
real world things like you two,
but since I can't I just have
to make do with my data.
I see.
You poor thing.
If only Alfheim had whales.
I know you'd get
a kick out of them.
They really are gigantic.
They jump out of the ocean
and land with a big splash.
‐ [Kazuto] Hold the phone!
‐ What is it?
I just remembered something!
That's right.
In the south of Sylph territory,
there's supposed to be a quest
with a whale in it!
Oh, can we go?
If we went then maybe I'd get
to ride a whale!
both: That's probably not
a good idea.
Hey, Kirito, you absolutely
100% sure this quest's for real?
'Cause if not, man,
you're gonna break Yui's heart.
If it turns out
to be a jellyfish
or a sea butterfly,
it's gonna be lamer than hell.
If it's a giant sea butterfly,
that would still be pretty rad.
You find anything on it, Agil?
Not much.
The quest's way out on the edge
of the world map.
I tried, man,
but there's not a whole lot
of people who know about it.
Only thing I could confirm
is the part about
a big ass sea monster showing up
at the end.
‐ That's all.
‐ Sweet!
At least we got somethin'
to look forward to.
Come on.
Let's hit this!
Hey, guys!
It's time we start saddlin' up
for the quest!
‐ all: Hmm?
‐ Okay!
‐ We're coming!
‐ [groans]
[giggles]
[gasps]
[sucks in air]
[menu chiming]
Uh, oh.
Uh, are you gonna wear
your armor on the quest?
Duh, of course.
We are goin' into battle.
Hurry up and change
or we'll leave you behind.
[Klein groans]
[Kirito] Okay, so,
if you guys don't mind,
I'd like to be
the party leader for today.
You all know our objective,
so if anyone sees
a whale out there,
call it out and follow my lead.
‐ Uh‐huh.
‐ [Rika] Yeah.
‐ [Keiko] Okay.
Thanks, you guys.
I really appreciate this.
Okay, then.
You ready?
‐ all: Yeah!
‐ Aww, yeah!
[chirps]
[all laughing]
[whimpering]
[grunts]
[menu chiming]
According to these coordinates,
it should be here.
Hey, is that it over there?
[Kirito grunts]
Huh.
Okay, everyone.
I'm gonna cast
a water‐breathing spell for us.
[speaking foreign language]
[exciting music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[grunts]
[gasps]
[groans]
Mm?
[groaning]
[Asuna] Leafa!
[whimpering]
♪♪ ♪♪
[gasps]
Wow.
Look at that.
Hey, I think I see someone
down there.
♪♪ ♪♪
Nice.
We got an NPC waiting for us.
Dude, if we're on
an undersea quest,
then I bet that NPC's a mermaid!
‐ Don't worry, miss mermaid!
‐ Damn.
Klein's comin' to save you!
[panting]
Here I am, my lady.
My name's‐‐
[stammers]
‐ [gasps]
‐ That's not a mermaid.
That's a grandpa.
[chirps]
Let's see what
this gentleman wants.
[menu chimes]
Greetings, fairies
from the surface world.
Could you possibly help
an old man with a dilemma?
[grunts]
Hmm.
[Asuna] Is something wrong,
Leafa?
Oh, no.
I just noticed
the old man's name.
I think I've seen it
somewhere before.
[Nerakk] Some thieves
have stolen a present
I acquired for an old friend
of mine.
The temple behind me
is their hideout.
Could you please retrieve it
for me before
the rascals return?
We'd be happy to help.
I am most grateful,
kind fairy.
The item in question is a pearl
about this size.
Cha‐ching!
I hope you're not thinking
about swiping it
and selling it.
No.
Not this time, anyway.
I'm counting on you,
my noble fairies.
If you succeed in retrieving
the pearl,
I will reward you handsomely.
[menu chimes]
Okay, so it looks like
this'll be a search and seize,
but there might be monsters
in there,
so stay sharp.
If you're in the vanguard,
your sword strokes'll
be slower underwater,
so compensate for that.
And rear guard,
don't even think about using
any lightning spells.
all: Right!
[groans]
'Kay, guys,
let's move out.
[upbeat music]
[whooshing]
[footsteps]
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
Hey, uh, Kirito,
I don't think Leafa's cool
with this underwater stuff.
Shouldn't you, like, keep
a closer eye on her
or somethin'?
You okay?
Yeah, you're right.
I should.
But it's so weird between us.
If it's just her and me,
everything's cool,
but if we're
in a party together,
it's crazy awkward.
What are ya talkin' about?
She's your sister.
All ya have to do is be yourself
and look out for her.
You know,
like a big brother.
I know,
but when I first met her
in game,
I didn't even realize‐‐
[both shouting]
[both panting]
[Andrew] Yo, you gotta be
straight up blind
to miss that pit.
Dumbasses.
I can't believe he used
to be a top player
in the assault team.
It doesn't matter to me.
I think he's rad no matter
how clumsy he is.
[blow lands]
[groans]
[both giggling nervously]
Daddy,
in front of you!
all: Hmm?
[all gasping]
[Klein] Is that the whale?
No.
Not even close.
[monster growls]
[Kazuto] Attack!
[both grunting]
[monster snarls]
[grunting]
[Kazuto] The head doesn't
take damage!
I'll keep it busy!
[grunts]
You guys attack its flanks!
‐ I'm on it!
‐ Copy that!
[both grunting]
Come on.
Let's go help 'em.
Okay.
[chirps]
[gasps]
I'm going.
[grunts]
Leafa, stay back with Asuna
and hit it with spells!
[grunts]
Mm.
[Suguha groans]
And after everyone went
to all that trouble coaching me.
[magical chiming]
Thanks a bunch, Leafa.
[grunts]
[blow lands]
[shouts]
[monster whines]
[both shouting]
[monster whining]
[Suguha] What am I doing
standing here?
I said I'd follow
my brother anywhere.
‐ Uh, Leafa!
‐ [Suguha] I'll be fine!
I can do this!
[shouts]
[Kazuto grunts]
[monster snarls]
[both grunting]
[shouting]
[gasps]
Leafa!
Kirito, do something!
[gasping]
[Kazuto groans]
[grunts]
‐ Kirito!
‐ What are you doing?
[Kazuto grunts]
[shouts]
[gasps]
[gasping]
[dramatic piano music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[water splashes]
[Suguha] Oh, yeah.
When I was little...
I fell into a pond.
I remember sinking.
And then...
[gasps]
[coughing]
‐ [Kazuto] Sugu!
‐ [gasps]
‐ [groaning]
‐ [Suguha] Kazuto.
[groaning]
[sword clatters on ground]
[grunts]
[both grunting]
I got you.
[all grunting]
[all panting]
[Suguha] Kazuto.
You saved me again.
Uh?
[Mm.
[giggles]
[all giggling]
[lively music]
♪♪ ♪♪
Oh, man.
I don't care if I never see
another stupid shrimp
or crab again.
Or a squid or octopus.
[Klein groans]
After all that,
we never did get
to see a whale.
That sucks.
[Keiko] Yeah, maybe,
but Yui sure looked like she
was having fun.
Here you go.
We got it back for you.
Thank you.
This is wonderful.
Anyone else think it's weird
that we never saw those thieves
the old man was talking about?
[Suguha] Yeah.
[gasps]
No, don't give it to him!
[both grunting]
What?
[heart beating]
Look, it's not a pearl.
It's an egg.
[both gasping]
What the hell?
[Kazuto] "Plunderers
of the deep sea."
Hold on.
Does that mean us?
If you don't mind,
I'll take possession of that.
[grunts]
If you won't hand it over,
you'll leave me no choice.
[both gasping]
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[gasps]
Kraken!
The sea demon
from Norse mythology!
[Kraken] 1,000 thanks,
my little fairies.
You have retrieved the egg
of the royal child.
If not for the magic barrier
I would have done it myself.
Now then,
hand it over immediately!
You old coot.
We will not!
We're going to put the egg
right back where we found it.
[all grunting]
[Kraken] In that case,
you little pests,
prepare to spend eternity
in a watery grave!
[all grunting]
[both groaning]
[both breathing heavily]
[Kazuto shouts]
[gasps]
‐ [Rika] Look out!
‐ [Kazuto grunts]
[both shouting]
[all groaning]
[grunting]
[whimpers]
Daddy, the stats of that octopus
are unbelievably high.
I don't think there's
a single floor boss
in New Aincrad what stands
as high as that.
[gasps]
[snarls]
[Kraken grunts]
I know that spear.
[all grunting]
[all gasping]
[thuds]
[menu beeping]
[Leviathan] It's been
a long time, old friend.
I see you're still up
to your old tricks.
[Kraken] And I see you're still
playing lapdog
to the minions
of the Earth gods.
You disgrace your title.
Lord of the Sea?
Hah!
[Leviathan] I am Lord
of the Sea,
and you are in my backyard.
Now, do you really wish
to fight me,
Lord of the Abyss?
[Kraken] I shall withdraw
for now,
but take heed,
old friend.
This is not over.
Soon I shall claim the power
of the child.
Then I will rise up against
the Earth gods.
Mark my words!
[distant booming]
all: Hmm?
That is the egg of the one
who will someday rule over
the seas and the sky.
I shall take it
to a new resting place
where it will be safe
from treachery.
[gasping]
[music chimes]
[gasps]
Okay, what the hell's goin' on?
Is that it?
We clear it or what?
[Rika] I'm lost, too.
Does anyone know what
the big guy
and the octopus
were talkin' about?
It was not important.
‐ Uh‐‐
‐ What?
[Leviathan] Now,
my noble fairies,
I shall transport you back
to your own world.
Um, what do you mean
by transport?
[all gasping]
[whale singing]
Hey, Pina!
Isn't this whale gigantic?
[chirps]
[both chuckling]
[all giggling]
[grunts]
[whimpers]
[fish chirping]
[whale sings]
[Eir Aoi's "Niji No Oto"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Eir Aoi singing in Japanese]
[phone ringing]